Beginners config updates from code review (#1)
jsignell/dask-blog: _posts/2020-05-14-beginners-config.md

*   Use popular deployment interfaces such as [helm for kubernetes](https://docs.dask.org/en/latest/setup/kubernetes-helm.html) to deploy dask in cloud container clusters you provision, such as AWS Fargate or GCP GKE
*   Use ‘native’ deployment python APIs, provided by the dask developers, to create (and interactively configure) dask on deployment infrastructure they support, either through the general-purpose [Dask Gateway](https://gateway.dask.org/) which supports multiple backends, or directly against cluster managers such as kubernetes with [dask-kubernetes](https://kubernetes.dask.org/en/latest/) or YARN with [dask-yarn](https://yarn.dask.org/en/latest/), as long as you’ve already provisioned the kubernetes cluster or hadoop cluster already
*   Use a nearly full-service deployment python API called [Dask Cloud Provider](https://cloudprovider.dask.org/en/latest/), that will go one step farther and provision the cluster for you too, as long as you give it AWS credentials (and as of time of writing, it only supports AWS)

> As you can see, there are a ton of options. On top of all of those, you might contract a managed service provider to provision and configure your dask cluster for you according to your specs, such as [Saturn Cloud](https://www.saturncloud.io/s/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, there are a ton of options. On top of all of those, you might contract a managed service provider to provision and configure your dask cluster for you according to your specs, such as [Saturn Cloud](https://www.saturncloud.io) (*Disclaimer: one of the authors (Julia Signell) works for Saturn Cloud*).
```
